Adopt GHA Scala Library Release Workflow (#44)
guardian/tags-thrift-schema: README.md

> # tags-thrift-schema [![Release](https://github.com/guardian/tags-thrift-schema/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/guardian/tags-thrift-schema/actions/workflows/release.yml)

Reviewer: Also cool to add in a badge showing the level of Scala support, as added to the Scaladex in https://github.com/scalacenter/scaladex/pull/660 !

![image](https://github.com/guardian/tags-thrift-schema/assets/52038/6d7a318d-7f17-42a6-a044-038b56603339)

```suggestion
# tags-thrift-schema
[![tags-thrift-schema Scala version support](https://index.scala-lang.org/guardian/tags-thrift-schema/tags-thrift-schema/latest-by-scala-version.svg?platform=jvm)](https://index.scala-lang.org/guardian/tags-thrift-schema/tags-thrift-schema)
[![Release](https://github.com/guardian/tags-thrift-schema/actions/workflows/release.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/guardian/tags-thrift-schema/actions/workflows/release.yml)
```

- Run `+publishLocal` in sbt (note the `+` makes it cross-compile, e.g. `tagmanager` consumes the 2.11 version)
- Update the version in the consumer application(s) (e.g. https://github.com/guardian/tagmanager/blob/e47465cbbcdf9e3d3312c5c779eb52fe0676ce4a/build.sbt#L29) using the `-SNAPSHOT` version.

> ## Building a release
> 
> This project uses the [`gha-scala-library-release-workflow`](https://github.com/guardian/gha-scala-library-release-workflow)
> to release to Maven Central. To release a new version, execute the
> [Release](https://github.com/guardian/tags-thrift-schema/actions/workflows/release.yml)
> workflow in the Actions tab on GitHub.

Reviewer: The docs for `gha-scala-library-release-workflow` now have [screenshots-plus-video examples of how to do the release](https://github.com/guardian/gha-scala-library-release-workflow/blob/main/docs/making-a-release.md), so you can link to that!

```suggestion
# Publishing a new release

This repo uses [`gha-scala-library-release-workflow`](https://github.com/guardian/gha-scala-library-release-workflow)
to automate publishing releases (both full & preview releases) - see
[**Making a Release**](https://github.com/guardian/gha-scala-library-release-workflow/blob/main/docs/making-a-release.md).
```

_text lifted from https://github.com/guardian/content-api-models?tab=readme-ov-file#publishing-a-new-release_
